README.md, before:

# ndnp_iiif

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/umd-mith/ndnp_iiif.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/umd-mith/ndnp_iiif)

`ndnp_iiif.py` is a command line tool for creating [IIIF] manifests for
[National Digital Newspaper Program] data. This IIIF data can then be mounted
on the Web and viewed using a IIIF compatible viewer.

For example, [here] is an example of viewing a single issue in Mirador. The 
manifests and generated tiles are published here on GitHub using GitHub Pages.

## Install

Soon you'll be able to `pip install ndnp_iiif` but for now you'll have to:

    git clone https://github.com/umd-mith/ndnp_iiif
    cd ndnp_iiif
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    python setup.py install

## Usage: 

The basic idea is you point `ndnp_iiif.py` at a path where you have an NDNP
batch stored, and a directory where you would like to build your IIIF data.

    % ndnp_iiif.py /vol/ndnp/batch_mdu_kale/ /var/www

By default `ndnp_iiif.py` will cut static tiles for the page images that
will be referenced in the manifests. The resulting IIIF data will be laid out 
on the filesystem like a static site that you can then make available on the
web:

```
/var/www
├── newspapers.json
└── sn83009569
    ├── 1865-10-04
    │   ├── 1
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6739,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6739,876
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2643,876
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,595,876
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   ├── 2
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6739,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6739,876
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2643,876
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,595,876
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   ├── 3
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6772,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,863
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,863
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6772,863
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,863
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2676,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2676,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,863
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2676,863
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,628,863
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   ├── 4
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6739,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6739,876
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2643,876
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,595,876
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   └── issue.json
    └── newspaper.json

```

[IIIF]: http://iiif.io
[National Digital Newspaper Program]: http://www.loc.gov/ndnp/
[here]: http://mith.us/ndnp_iiif

Commit message:

Upgrade iiif module
This commit includes some changes to get ndnp_iiif working with the latest
[iiif](http://github.com/zimeon/iiif) module. There were some backward
incompatible changes in the static image tile generation. Eventhough we
are likely going to be using a separate IIIF image server I thought it would be
useful to get it working again.

Running the test suite will generate IIIF data and place a demo Mirador
viewer alongside which you can use to verify that the newspaper manifest
and tiles are functional.

    cd test-data/iiif
    python -m SimpleHTTPServer

then open http://localhost:8000

README.md, after:

# ndnp_iiif

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/umd-mith/ndnp_iiif.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/umd-mith/ndnp_iiif)

`ndnp_iiif.py` is a command line tool for creating [IIIF] manifests for
[National Digital Newspaper Program] data. This IIIF data can then be mounted
on the Web and viewed using a IIIF compatible viewer.

For example, [here] is an example of viewing a single issue in Mirador. The 
manifests and generated tiles are published here on GitHub using GitHub Pages.

## Install

Soon you'll be able to `pip install ndnp_iiif` but for now you'll have to:

    % git clone https://github.com/umd-mith/ndnp_iiif
    % cd ndnp_iiif
    % pip install -r requirements.txt
    % python setup.py install

## Usage: 

The basic idea is you point `ndnp_iiif.py` at a path where you have an NDNP
batch stored, and a directory where you would like to build your IIIF data.

    % ndnp_iiif.py /vol/ndnp/batch_mdu_kale/ /var/www

By default `ndnp_iiif.py` will cut static tiles for the page images that
will be referenced in the manifests. The resulting IIIF data will be laid out 
on the filesystem like a static site that you can then make available on the
web:

```
/var/www
├── newspapers.json
└── sn83009569
    ├── 1865-10-04
    │   ├── 1
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6739,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6739,876
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2643,876
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,595,876
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   ├── 2
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6739,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6739,876
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2643,876
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,595,876
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   ├── 3
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6772,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,863
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,863
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6772,863
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,863
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2676,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2676,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,863
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2676,863
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,863
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,628,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,628,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,628,863
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   ├── 4
    │   │   ├── 0,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,0,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,0,6739,8192
    │   │   ├── 0,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,4096,4096,4096
    │   │   ├── 0,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 0,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,4096,876
    │   │   ├── 0,8192,6739,876
    │   │   ├── 1024,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 1024,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 2048,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 2048,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 3072,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 3072,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,0,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,2048,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,4096,2643,4096
    │   │   ├── 4096,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,6144,2048,2048
    │   │   ├── 4096,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2048,876
    │   │   ├── 4096,8192,2643,876
    │   │   ├── 5120,0,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,1024,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,2048,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,3072,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,4096,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,5120,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,6144,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,7168,1024,1024
    │   │   ├── 5120,8192,1024,876
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,0,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,1024,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,2048,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,3072,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,4096,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,5120,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,6144,595,2048
    │   │   ├── 6144,7168,595,1024
    │   │   ├── 6144,8192,595,876
    │   │   ├── full
    │   │   └── info.json
    │   └── issue.json
    └── newspaper.json

```

## Test

You can run the tests, such as they are like so:

    % python setup.py test

The resulting IIIF data will be left in `test-data/iiif`. If you want you can
run a simple webserver pointed at that directory, and use the Mirador viewer
to display the result:

    % cd test-data/iiif
    % python -m SimpleHTTPServer

and then open [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) in your browser, at
which point you should see something like this:

![Mirador Screenshot](/umd-mith/ndnp_iiif/test-data/screenshot.png?raw=true)

[IIIF]: http://iiif.io
[National Digital Newspaper Program]: http://www.loc.gov/ndnp/
[here]: http://mith.us/ndnp_iiif
